content/posts/first-post.md, before:

---
title: "Hello World \U0001F44B"
date: 2020-09-15T11:30:03+00:00
# weight: 1
# aliases: ["/first"]
tags: ["first"]
author: "Me"
# author: ["Me", "You"] # multiple authors
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
draft: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
description: "First post."
canonicalURL: "https://canonical.url/to/page"
disableHLJS: true # to disable highlightjs
disableShare: false
disableHLJS: false
hideSummary: false
searchHidden: true
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
ShowWordCount: true
ShowRssButtonInSectionTermList: true
UseHugoToc: true
cover:
    image: "<image path/url>" # image path/url
    alt: "<alt text>" # alt text
    caption: "<text>" # display caption under cover
    relative: false # when using page bundles set this to true
    hidden: true # only hide on current single page
editPost:
    URL: "https://github.com/<path_to_repo>/content"
    Text: "Suggest Changes" # edit text
    appendFilePath: true # to append file path to Edit link
---
## Infos

This blog is created with Hugo and the PaperMod theme:
- Hugo: https://gohugo.io
- PaperMod: https://github.com/adityatelange/hugo-PaperMod

Commit message:

Add summary to first post

content/posts/first-post.md, after:

---
title: "Hello World \U0001F44B"
summary: "This is an example post from Papermod repository."
date: 2020-09-15T11:30:03+00:00
# weight: 1
# aliases: ["/first"]
tags: ["first"]
author: "Me"
# author: ["Me", "You"] # multiple authors
showToc: true
TocOpen: false
draft: false
hidemeta: false
comments: false
description: "First post."
canonicalURL: "https://canonical.url/to/page"
disableHLJS: true # to disable highlightjs
disableShare: false
disableHLJS: false
hideSummary: false
searchHidden: true
ShowReadingTime: true
ShowBreadCrumbs: true
ShowPostNavLinks: true
ShowWordCount: true
ShowRssButtonInSectionTermList: true
UseHugoToc: true
cover:
    image: "<image path/url>" # image path/url
    alt: "<alt text>" # alt text
    caption: "<text>" # display caption under cover
    relative: false # when using page bundles set this to true
    hidden: true # only hide on current single page
editPost:
    URL: "https://github.com/<path_to_repo>/content"
    Text: "Suggest Changes" # edit text
    appendFilePath: true # to append file path to Edit link
---
## Infos

This blog is created with Hugo and the PaperMod theme:
- Hugo: https://gohugo.io
- PaperMod: https://github.com/adityatelange/hugo-PaperMod
